quick one the D of CEO live my live show
my live Reincarnation of this podcast is
coming on tour and it's coming to a city
near you there's a link in the
description below put your email address
in and I will email you when tickets go
on sale can't wait to see you you know
when you have that kind of experience
early you grow up very fast and you know
what's important and you prioritize so
another deep question all these deep
questions yeah okay so did you feel like
a bit of a fraud no no I totally thought
I knew what I was doing people don't do
that they when you're 20 people came
back Madonna and um Thurman and
[Music]
Oprah Marcia Kilgore I can't actually
believe what you're about to hear I
can't actually believe that one human
being could have achieved that many
successful business exits back toback
she's built companies like soap and
Glory like Bliss Beauty which he's
building at the moment and these
companies have sold for tens and
hundreds of millions they've made
hundreds of millions in annual revenue
and the remarkable thing is she's not
just done it once she's not just done it
twice not three times not four times
she's done it five times and I sat here
with her trying to figure out why her
what was it about Marcia that made her
achieve such tremendous things in her
life and I think we finally got there I
think we finally found the answer and is
it something that you can replicate a
lot of it is and I think that's what
makes this podcast today so interesting
so without further Ado I'm Steven
Bartlett and this is the dire of a CEO I
hope nobody's listening but if you are
then please keep this to
yourself there is so much that makes you
unique so much and sometimes I think and
I think I'm guilty of this to some
degree too we don't always
see ourselves as being unique because
we're inside of our minds and we're you
know we're behaving in the way that
feels natural to us but when I look at
your your story and the decisions you've
made since you were very very young it's
so clear to me that there's something so
different about many things that are so
different about you and I want to kind
of get to the root of that what is the
foundation of that difference what was
it what was The Cauldron the experience
that created the person you went on to
become for the following you know wow
that's starting with a very very deep
question isn't it it is yeah yeah I mean
I think that um I grew up in a a very
small town um and a and a small city in
Canada that time was you know relatively
simple and I always had a hunger to
learn more and read more and find out
more and kind of knew that I didn't
really fit in in a small city um so very
early on I kind of started to think well
what can I do and how can I get out of
here but I didn't have much guidance so
my father died early and my mom was not
necessarily someone who would help me
you know look at universities for
instance or say hey you should really
your grades are really great why don't
you study and do this or that CU she had
never done it herself so she um no one
really in my family guided me and at
that point there weren't really
University counselors or anyone doing
that job in in high schools at least in
in Canada so I think for me uh I
realized quite early probably when I was
a teenager that I just needed more
stimulation and I needed more than what
was there just to you know feel
fulfilled and and keep my curiosity
going those teenage years you have a lot
of experiences and apparently what
happens during your teenage years
because your brain is forming in a very
different way and it's starting to sort
of solidify right um those kinds of
experience really stick with you through
your whole life and I remember having
several part-time jobs when I was a
teenager um all you know simultaneously
while going to high school and never
really finding a job where I thought
that the person in charge of the
business was doing it well so I worked
at a gym for instance and I always
thought they could do it so much better
if they were just doing this that and
the other thing I taught aerobics
classes and I thought aerobics was so
boring the way it was done and tried to
do it you know in a very different way
so it was more fun for the people who
came and just always trying to improve
the experience because I was in quite a
mediocre setting lovely setting but you
know very average very uh you know
middle Canada um and so that was
probably a bit of the a bit of the
stimulation on that point though that
that sort of philosophy or even the
thought that you could make something
better that's that's a point of
difference a lot of people don't have
where did where did that come from in
you so early that if something isn't
good enough that you had the power
within yourself to do something about it
because I think most people will go
through life just accepting things as
they are that would be just terribly
depressing wouldn't it I guess if you
can conect conect the dots and see your
way to something that might be more
elevating for your mind and then for
others or make something a little bit
more fun um you can go deep into the
childhood stuff right uh and and just
think about I mean there were situations
in my childhood and it happens to a lot
of people so I'm might you know by no
means unique in this respect but where
for instance and this would probably be
more girls than boys but at some point
in every girl's existence in school you
become the unpopular one how you feel
maybe so much an outsider when suddenly
you're out and how painful that can be I
think probably in my experience when I
was suddenly not cool
anymore probably was really painful for
me because I also feel things quite
acutely so trying also to think well if
other people feel left out how can you
make them feel like they're more a part
of something and so most of the
businesses that I create are are very
Democratic um Bliss even which was my
spa that I created in in New York I mean
we had everybody coming in from like mad
and um Thurman and Oprah right but then
the 12-year-old kids who had chronic
acne and you know their moms would bring
them in to have facials we treated
everybody exactly the same way um I
think one of my favorite memories from
that was when I was actually giving a
facial to one of these 12-year-old kids
that her mom had brought her from Boston
and um Thurman was in the locker room at
the same time and helped her open her
locker so she comes into my treatment
room and goes oh my Thurman just helped
me unlock my Locker it was so cute
because you know everybody was the same
and that makes me feel great I think
probably some of that experience as a
child not feeling equal being left out
maybe a little bit we we after my father
passed away we were not necessarily poor
or you know but not certainly not
comfortable in any way shape or form um
at one point we moved back to a small
town and we kind of lived on the wrong
side of the tracks if there was a wrong
side of the tracks we lived on the wrong
side of the tracks in this very small
town where my mother's family was from
so you kind of felt like you weren't
quite as good as everyone else but that
wasn't fair and so very likely the idea
of this democratization of the good
stuff is probably comes from that but
I'm sure you could grab any therapist
anywhere and they would give you a
different version of it the passing of
your father seems to be quite a PO point
you you seem to refer to it as like
before and after how life was somewhat
different and um after your father
passed away
um the requirement for you to develop
like a real sense of Independence seems
to sort of really come through I think I
read that you got you had three
part-time jobs at one point yeah yeah
well I had to I mean my mother was a
secretary so she didn't have a you know
huge income I at the time I was probably
11 right so I didn't ask her hey do we
have any money in the bank you don't
really ask those kinds of questions
after the the death of uh of your parent
um but I assumed just from the way that
my mother you know acted that we weren't
exactly stable or you know financially
well off so being I think the youngest
but yet potentially the most responsible
of the three um sisters I kind of felt
like I had to help and maybe help in
order for her to feel better herself
have you ever watched Jim Carrey he he
actually talks about I mean of course
you've watched Jim Carrey but there's an
interview that he gives where he talks
about his mother actually suffered from
tremendous depression and he learned to
be funny because he wanted her to laugh
and he wanted to see her feel good and I
know there is something about okay I'm
going to have a paper wrote and I'm
going to you know be a personal trainer
or teach aerobics and I'm going to work
as a waitress even though I'm not
necessarily old enough to serve alcohol
in this
establishment whatever it was I would
just do it because I want I wanted to to
take the stress off of her I didn't want
her to think if I wanted you know a car
or whatever it was that she was going to
have to pay for it because I knew it was
already quite stressful for her to just
pay the rent so I think you know you
just do whatever is expected of you and
and was fine right it's great gives it's
a skill it's like a gift in a way you
can look at it and just think well I
developed that skill from 10,000 hours a
practice maybe over a year or two and uh
it was never hard for me to work again
you mentioned the gym though
personal training oh yeah so when I
moved to New York it's a long story but
I then moved to New York when I was 18
after um my 12th grade and I got
accepted to Columbia University and I
was supposed to go but I didn't have any
money and my sister who lived in New
York said I'll help you out with your
tuition but then she had a little snafu
with her income that year it was like a
tax thing or whatever you know again no
big deal and so I was in New York and I
had no no money to go to university and
it was too late because I was Canadian
to get a foreign student loan so I
decided to use the only skill that I had
when I was and I know you can tell this
about me but I was a
bodybuilder I know it's kind of hard to
see now but I was I was like a
middleweight bodyb building Champion
when I was a teenager you know between
the three part-time jobs I would then go
to the gym at night and you know where
did that come from because that's that
is a that takes a degree of dare I say
it dedication to say the least yeah it
was it was random I think it was again
my sister started dating this guy whose
brother owned a bodybuilding gym and he
said to me hey you should come down to
the gym because I was a long-distance
Runner and you know just to kind of let
off steam I think I just love to always
go running and so he said oh you should
come down Miss Canada at the time like
Miss Canada lightweight or featherweight
or whatever she she worked out there and
so she put me through the paces and gave
me a routine and all this kind of stuff
and I just went because it was something
do but even then though a lot of people
go to the gym they train whatever two
days three days a week for you to have
gone from just walking in the door to
becoming a like a junior bodybuilding
Champion or something you know I suppose
again if you like had a therapist come
in and say oh why would you do that it
probably to give some kind of semblance
control and the ability to achieve
something you know to my life which at
the time I'm a teenager in a high school
in the Melissa
schatan school was not so hard for me
yeah so what else am I going to do sense
of like purpose I guess and yeah and and
to have that discipline you also have
control right so if you can control your
body then you could probably control
other things and if you can achieve
things with seeing how far you can take
it then you know it just adds to I guess
the the challenge you like a bit of a
challenge I do I love challenge I also
really love working out and I'm I'm I
would go to the gym every single day and
I I I you know what it was I had um I
sat here with a entrepreneur and she um
is very well known she's got millions of
followers online for B for basically
being a bodybuilder she describes
herself as a bodybuilder she doesn't you
know she's um very lean bodybuilder
let's say but um and she told me that
when she was in school she was outcasted
a little bit and she would eat her like
lunch in the the toilets her name's
Chrissy cheller um and her go her going
to the gym was in some respects an
escape from all of that it was like her
way of yeah I think it gave her Control
building herself back just yeah if you
think about physically what's happening
right she's building herself back up
yeah yeah and when you start talking
about sort of being excluded from the
the cool kids and stuff and then that
your bodybuilding became a big sort of
you know feature in your life at that
age I wondered if there was a link or um
because it is is an extreme thing it's
requires a level of persistence and a
and an okayness with being
uncomfortable physically uncomfortable
that you know what the gym was also full
of adults and I think I was a young
adult so I probably had more of a
mindset of an adult early I'm not I'm
not like the most intelligent human
being on you know on the Earth but I'm
probably slightly more intellectual than
most of the people that I was in school
with so I found my friends in a an
environment where there were people
working out and being healthy and just
older and so I think that probably had
something to do with it too you had
people to talk to there that you could
kind of connect to versus the teenagers
who maybe were going through their
teenage things I'd say also and I've had
this conversation with you know if
you've experienced a death in your
family early or if you've had a parent
or a sibling who's uh you know
chronically ill or handicapped you see
life in a very different way right so if
your father dies when you're 11 and
you're in a high school with a group of
girls and they're all very catty and you
just think really you're not going there
is not interesting to be part of that
kind of crowd you don't want to talk
about those kinds of things they're not
important and you know it because you've
been through something profound very
early on so it's hard to connect to
people who haven't like you know when
you have that kind of experience early
you grow up very fast and you know
what's important and you prioritize so
it's hard to find anyone to relate to if
you have a bunch of teenagers who
haven't right are you saying that you
didn't fit in you didn't think fitted
into that I I don't have any friends
from high school do you yeah okay so did
you fit in no yeah so yeah it probably
didn't fit in I mean didn't feel like an
outcast in any way shape or form but I
had not much to talk to them about right
what they were what they wanted to talk
about at that time just wasn't that
interesting to me so whether or not I
was fitting in or not I just didn't have
the same interests I guess um you know
as as the other kids who were maybe able
to grow up at a normal
Pace because of you know their normal
existence so take me back then so you
you get the place at Colombia yeah I got
a place at Columbia and then it didn't
work out that year and I thought oh
maybe I'll save up and I'll go next year
but I have to here I am in New York I
have $300 right and my mom for I was the
third of three girls and the two uh
older ones were a bit of a handful right
so she gave me for my grade 12
graduation present like a backpack that
was also suitcase and I was I was
actually the really disciplined helpful
one but I think she had just had it like
by then she'd been through the death of
my dad and then my my older sister who
had moved away quite early and then my
middle sister who you know was um I
wouldn't say complicated but she'd been
in a couple of car accidents like it was
exhausting for my mother so by the time
I was done High School I think she was
just like see
you and I don't blame her right single
mom three girls you must be like up to
here so she gave me this back and I
moved and I actually moved in with my
sister who was living in New York and um
and I needed to work because I had to
you know it was like well here I am I'm
not going back to
Saskatchewan and so I had to figure out
what to do and the only skill I had at
the time was like the body and so I got
a a gym membership at this place called
Better Bodies which was on 19th Street
between 5ifth and 6th and and it was the
place where kind of everybody who was
anybody you know back then like
bodybuilding had started to kind of be a
thing you know everybody was talking
about Arnold I think Pumping Iron had
kind of maybe just come out I this was
way before Arnold was a governor and um
and so I went to the gym and John CLA V
vanam worked out there and his wife
gladus Portuguese who was also this
famous bodybuilder and then all the kind
of cool film directors and fashion
designers what everybody went to this
gym however they were quite new to it I
had been like bodybuilding by then for
three years or four years maybe even and
so I looked great right and so did
jeanclaude and so did glattus the rest
of them not yet so I would have people
come to me and I'm 18 right and say Hey
I want to you know I want to look like
you because I wasn't really bulky I
looked like an Olympic Athlete and so
they wanted how I looked yeah yeah and
so I charged them $5 or $20 an hour and
do personal training which you know back
then for an 18-year-old it was a CU
minimum wage was probably
350 so I thought oh this is amazing and
so I became a personal trainer to you
know a lot of kind of celebs and they
would then send me to their friend and
refer me to this person or that person
and so it started out that way but I
kind of realized working in the gym for
15 bucks an hour was not going to pay my
rent and or anything else and probably
was not that sustainable over the long
term and I had no business skills as
such but I knew what good good service
was like cuz with common sense you know
how you want to be treated and you know
how you would want to show up and how
you want to treat your customer and how
you try to make sure that they enjoy
their experience so that they have you
back now personal training is one of
those things where most people who need
a personal trainer hate exercise
otherwise you wouldn't really need a
personal trainer so there was a lot of
thought that went into like the I would
I guess you talk about it now as like a
loyalty mechanic oh yeah yeah like loyal
yeah how can I get them to make sure
they don't cancel right because they
hate this otherwise I wouldn't be coming
yeah I have to make sure that this whole
experience they just looking forward to
it so that every you know Tuesday and
Thursday or whatever I'm showing up and
making my 40 bucks otherwise I wouldn't
be able to pay my rent um so I think the
early seeds of how do you get someone to
come back and and how do you give
service that so above and and beyond
that there's nobody else who will try
this hard it was planted what did you
learn about loyalty and customer
attention you got to always be pleasant
right I mean you have to be patient you
have to be totally absolutely focused on
your customer right so it was about them
it was not about me and I think there
are a lot of people who slip into friend
mode right or start to kind of talk
about their problems it's like no one is
paying you to listen to your problems so
whether you are a personal trainer or
giving a facial or waxing somebody's
legs or or whatever it is nobody wants
to hear about your stuff that's not why
they're paying right you're there to
focus on them and no one gets enough
attention maybe some people get enough
attention but most people don't get
enough attention they don't have someone
who really listens to them right all
rushing around all the time so even to
just be there doing whatever it is
you're doing taking them through their
Paces running them up flights of stairs
I mean I took people jogging right
around Manhattan wow nine times a day I
was fit you went on to start Bliss yes
so tell me from running around Manhattan
nine times a day running upstairs and
what in the summer especially my skin
got quite bad and it had never been
great you know through my teenage years
everybody has a little bit of you know
acne etc etc but mine I'd never quite
solved it and i' bought a lot of
products to try and solve it and I
actually personally trained somebody who
worked at one of the hot you know
skincare brands at the time he gave me
everything and nothing really worked um
um and so I thought one summer in the
summer when you're a personal trainer in
New York all of your clients generally
will go to The Hamptons and so for me
that was like two months without income
right no one pays you when they're not
working out so I thought I can either go
to The Hamptons and be captive in
somebody's house because you then become
kind of like people would drag you to
the beach and say oh here's my personal
train and you just it was not a good
Dynamic for somebody like me who does
not it's freedom and I want freedom yeah
so I decided I found this skin care uh
it was it was like a school and I
decided to take this crash course in how
to you know fix your own skin and it was
actually how to do facials but I was
taking it for myself and then I realized
I really loved it and then I convinced
my very trusting and I am so grateful to
them but personal training clients these
were you know some a names and they let
me name drop they they let me practice
on them name like at the time
oh yeah I've had yeah yeah yeah yeah but
when I very very early on it was more
like Paul Simon and Carrie fiser so I
mean everybody everybody was anybody
kind of came in and and let me do their
face and it was a real it was like a
real gift to be trusted with people who
relied on their faces for their
work early stage your own location in
manhatt well it started with people
coming to my to my apartment oh okay
yeah so I would personally train people
by running all over Manhattan during the
day and then at night I because my
sister had some connections with the
modeling agent uh modeling industry
let's just say she had some um Bookers
who had some other models who had
terrible skin right and so they would
send these models to me because I was
known I guess I mean I didn't even have
a reputation for knowing what I was
doing but and they would come to my
apartment in the East Village and
literally lie on the floor did you feel
like a bit a bit of of a fraud in those
early days when you were like no no I
totally thought I knew what I was doing
okay yeah because I have worked so hard
right so I knew the steps of a facial
and I had never had a facial somewhere
where it was any different than what I
was doing and I knew that I was more you
know where a normal facial would take an
hour I would spend two and a half on
somebody so I knew that if I didn't
necessarily have the best technique I
was going to try harder sure and so I'd
make up for it that way people came back
and then they sent me all their friends
and then suddenly you know it was like a
social club you couldn't get people out
of the house so I'd have to get up at
5:00 a.m. to go do a personal training
session with somebody someone would have
come over for a facial at 8:00 at night
the night before I finished them at
10:30 and then they'd want to chat and
it was like I got to get an office
because I got to get these people out of
here we can't cuz you're kind of stuck
in your apartment and it's hard to then
get the client to then go when they're
in your house there seems to be a theme
emerging here which is I mean you've
only just told me about two kind of
professional Pursuits the personal
training and now the the the facial
business as it started um but you're re
you seem as some as to be someone that's
really remarkable at customer experience
because the fact that you can't get them
out your house um and that your you know
these personal training clients are you
know letting me do yeah letting me
experiment on them with wax and things
like that that's like a really
underrated thing I mean what we're
talking about there is fundamentally
like sales sales I guess and Trust yeah
yeah which I think is part of sales
right like trust is a super important
part of being a you know and you and
sales you know if you're selling it
sounds bad I know doesn't it yeah
because I I mean I hate the idea of
sales but I love selling yeah but I
couldn't sell something if I didn't
think it was great right don't ask me to
sell something I don't love because I
can't do it but if I love something I
could sell it to anybody so I guess it's
more about aligning your like moral
conviction with whatever it is that you
are then selling do you do you consider
yourself a
salesperson well would I say I'm a
salesperson that's a really hard so
without the stigma yeah let's remove the
stigma well everything is sales right
exactly yeah you just have to be look
you got to be pleasant right unless
you're some kind of Genius that people
need to have around the world gets to
choose
who they're interacting with and so if
you want in in any area of your life
right if you want to have like great
team members in your office you better
be pleasant to be around or they're not
they're not going to stay if you want to
you know meet with an editor or a
journalist or who are they going to
write about probably the people hey yes
everybody's got an interesting story but
those who they like are probably going
to get a little further than those who
are [__] right interesting yeah do
you consider yourself a
salesperson yeah yeah yeah but without
you I have the same allergic reaction to
the term where I'm like forcing because
we're not we're not forcing things upon
people that we don't believe in no
you're helping them find what they
probably would have bought but find the
right one yeah CS is persuasion it's
body language it's communication it's
the way you know the passion you have
for what you was talking about and and
it's delivering information in a way
that helps somebody make a choice
without feeling stressed right because
generally I think if you if you are
trying to get someone to try something
right but you're pushing it in the wrong
way that isn't aligning with what they
need to hear about it then that is a
failed sale yeah yes because actually
you should be listening and if they
don't think you're objective right and
this is one of the things that I think
has been most successful with my longest
standing clients from my previous
company was they knew that I would come
there and I would tell them when our
work was bad yeah so I would say don't
do this it's a waste it's going to waste
your money yes but these things here I
actually think are going to work really
well so the minute I would say but these
things here they'd go yes yeah because
they felt I
was trust right exactly yeah which is
sort of number one isn't it it's like
worse for us better for you yeah yeah
and if people feel like you're aligned
with them doing better which is what you
always should be anyway because that's
just listening to the customer and
giving I mean this so basic right is
back to the basics of you listen to them
and you give them what they're asking
for and that's sales actually so if you
they'll tell you any customer will tell
you what they want the customers always
know what they want though no no
definitely not right somebody said to me
and and they weren't talking about
customers they were talking about buyers
at department stores so the people who
are employed by department stores to
purchase the merchandise that then get
sold onto customers and he said buyers
department store buyers are experts at
yesterday right and to some extent it's
true they look at their data from you
know before and so of course if you look
at the world the percentage of uh people
who are Visionary enough to think about
something new that people might want
it's probably quite a small percentage
and all the rest of the people think in
a different way and you know provide a
lot of value to the world in different
ways but there are select few I suppose
who think of the new stuff and like
that's our job and then of course you
have to get people to come with you
which is difficult sometimes they don't
necessarily see it so you've got to
figure out how to describe to them
whether that's by pictures or words or
however else that's the sales part right
yeah I suppose so it's also a lot of
psychology I mean there's so many
barriers right there I mean have you
ever I mean do you read behavioral
economics behavioral economics um yes
I've read like the psychology of money
which I think is pretty much behavioral
economics and then i' I did a course on
psychology and uh I've most of my books
in there are psychology books but
there's so many fascinating books like
by Dan arieli or Richard tlor or Daniel
conman
and they they won you know Nobel prizes
for the behavioral economics which is
the opposite kind of of economics and
the theories of Economics don't include
human beings and their behavior and
their emotions so behavioral economics
is all about how the emotions that we
have interact with uh you know with
economics to create different U outcomes
from buying decisions that would
normally
be expected people will rationalize
things BAS B on what they've done before
yeah right so this mental framework
around old things so if you're trying to
create something new very often you have
to relate it to something existing and
people can more easily understand what
you're talking about because you can say
oh it's like this yeah but da d da d da
but very often it's hard for people if
they don't have a mental framework or a
mental model of how something already
works yeah you come in with something
really radical and disruptive they don't
know where to place it no and so it it's
really so much easier like with
Pewdiepie right we're a buyer Club in
England apparently people don't know
what a buyer Club is in America
everybody knows what a Buyers Club is
right because there's uh Sam's Club and
there's uh Costco which isn't the same
uh in England as it is in America Costco
in America has like the highest
household
income per customer yeah because people
just pull up in their Range Rover and
buy you know they sell diamonds at
Costco right oh but it's always a deal
so beauty pie right is kind of like
Costco but for luxury cosmetics and
skincare and wellness products and so we
Source from all these fantastic labs and
we get the highest quality stuff and
then people can buy it if you're a
member of the club you buy it cheaper
than wholesale but people in England
don't know the concept so you have to
think well it's kind of like Netflix
right but but then you have to actually
pay for your product so it's not really
like Netflix so it's kind of like you
know you have to you're always doing
this mental model so that people can
understand it really EAS understanding
by comparison yeah yeah yeah so you with
bliss you start this business you move
into your own location and then talk to
talk to me about the the experience of
cuz that was your first real kind of
like business business employees yes how
was that and scaling that business until
the point when it was it was acquired
for yeah yeah so I mean it was a
fantastic experience we started quite
small I had a tiny place called let's
face it before I had Bliss and I had
probably five employees three rooms so
we had a manicurist we had a
receptionist we had a couple of other
facialists on certain shifts we'd have a
massage therapist come in somebody did
the laundry that wasn't me that was you
know I used to have to take the laundry
out on Avenue B I would have to like
carry these huge bags of laundry from
the facials to a Avenue a and like do
the laundry at night which was also
really crazy if you think back you could
never do this if you were older this is
definitely get a 19 20 year-olds gig to
be working all day and then going doing
laundry on Avenue a in 7th Street in you
know all night to get the towels done
but um yeah I opened let's face it first
and had you know probably five six seven
employees and it was great because it
was small enough for me to handle had
like I had no experience with employees
so just understanding the operations of
a business and scheduling and I mean I
really rate doing it versus learning
about it and of course I never learned
about it so I never learned how to go
structure a business I never ended up in
business school um I just did it and
then I saw the patterns along the way of
what goes wrong when you do this or what
you should look out for and and
especially a lot of patterns with people
I think that you know being able to
recognize patterns is a part of either
an emotional intelligence or just some
it's a type of intelligence that's been
very helpful and the older you get the
faster you recognize the patterns
because you've just been around for
longer and you can see also I'm sure
you've seen this types of people yeah
yeah yeah so you know that type of
person and you kind of can almost sus
people out after you've spent 10 minutes
with them you kind of know what to
expect or it's kind of what you're
describing earli but like understanding
something by comparison so I have the
same thing now in business where you and
you Des we talking about there as like
you've done more experiments when you
get older so yeah you can kind of
predict the outcome right now that type
of person behaves in that type of way
when you notice this happening it's
probably because of this and it ends
like this so you go [__]
that exactly
that it's like oh no here we go but also
I think there's a I mean there's a
beauty of having it happen to you over
and over and over again because you
realize oh here we go again when this
person does that thing and it ends like
this oh the last time it ended like this
well I hired this person it ended like
and it's fine yeah and so you don't
panic as much right when you're younger
and you lose people who were working for
you in your business you think the world
is going to end and then you know very
often it's just different when you hire
somebody else right and and usually uh
you the the new person will bring
something completely additive to the
table yeah and so it's actually a good
thing but it takes a long time to get to
that point where when someone's quitting
you're going great see you it isn't like
excruciatingly or or that you lose sleep
over it you know I rarely will lose
sleep anymore if if uh someone is going
because you always also think if they're
not really thrilled to be here and and
working like at top level then probably
they'll be happier somewhere else and
and that means more happiness will also
come into that spot and when you're
young in business the story you tell
yourself about what that person quitting
means is just deeply illogical and
riddled with like fear and emotion yes
and it's about you it's it's personal
yes instead of it being about them yes
and uh but when you get older and you
see these good people go and you know
come and go you realize that it is what
it is it's unavoidable system isn't it
yeah it's not it's not a fight you could
have ever win no company has ever
managed to keep 100% of their employees
for a sustained period of time so um so
what what how did you get to that point
to exiting the business okay so well at
Bliss so we we launched Bliss in I think
July of 2000 oh sorry 1996 so we opened
I had three treatment rooms before that
in my little place called let's face it
and I opened I think nine treatment
rooms and then we put a nap room in in
the next place which was cob right and
you know back in the '90s we didn't have
there wasn't social media there was no
way to really get the word out fast
unless you had an article in a magazine
and because really that really like
moved the needle oh my it was a
completely different moment now you get
a full page in the New York Times right
you get traffic to your website for a
day yeah nothing no nothing because it's
so spliced up right everything is so
temporary back then you got an article
in vog and your phone rang for 18 months
[__] yeah it was so much easier however
you had to be good enough to get an
article in Vogue so there were a million
people doing what you did but you had to
make sure that the experience that you
were offering was cool enough beautiful
enough desirable that all of your people
were trained well that the results were
good etc etc and so we were great right
we gave great great service can I ask
you a question on that do you think
service was better back in those days
because there was less ability to
because what you said there is like you
had to to be good enough to get on those
very few big big stages whereas these
days you can kind of [__] products and
[__] people can pay to be seen much
easier than they probably could have
back then I'm guessing and get an
endorsement from a from a Vogue yeah um
so is it well it's not sustainable
though is it how many times can you pay
if actually people don't come back more
than once and Word of Mouth then becomes
your you know starts to bring tell your
business it's still the same it's all
the same like today is the same it's
just split into different stuff but if
you can't keep that customer for more
than one two three transactions you
might as well go home yeah yeah yeah so
you numit yeah you got to figure it out
at the beginning like what is going to
be so much better how is going to be
that much better how are you going to
deliver it consistently right make sure
that she is never or he is never
disappoint or they are never right
disappointed and you you have to look at
I mean if you look at acronyms right
this LTV to CAC stuff which I hate
thinking of it that way
but cuz it's humans right it's like well
how many transactions is this person
going to come back for 3 years and be a
loyal customer and order stuff from you
six times a year or are they going to
order once and go H like it has to be
pretty compelling where'd you start with
h and my recommendation as I think they
have a starter box on the website where
you can get a sample of all the products
you might not like some of the products
I don't love all of the products I'm
going to be completely honest with you I
don't but the ones that I do love I
could now not live without and for me my
my starting point was the mix Berry RTD
didn't really like mixing protein
powders before um so I when they had a a
ready to drink drink I went for that and
secondly the brand new protein powder
which I've talked about a couple of
times in this podcast now 100 odd
calories in total 26 of your vitamins
and nutrients and it tastes like a
delicious smoothie one might get from
some fast food establishment but without
all the crap in it give it a shot I
don't think you'll regret it when you
look back at why you were successful in
that business is it because of that
attention to detail oh yeah in Bliss oh
my God yes how extreme are you so
extreme extreme extreme extreme I mean
everything from how you laid on that
table to what the sheets smelled like to
how you bolstered their knees so that
the backs of their heels when they were
lying for a facial for 60 Minutes the
backs of their heels wouldn't ache
because their knees were elevated the
right way to the wax that you put on
their hands to how much you massage them
to the responses that you would give and
we trained everybody in terms of the
customer says this it's all about them
right it's about making them feel good
not only you know their face their body
whatever you're treating but mentally
right it's not about you there are no
complaints you don't whine about
anything it's all about making them
thrilled feel great about themselves
look great they should walk out of there
feeling
like we had literally I think the
Testament to it when you think back is
crazy loyalty so people would come in
for their facials and say they came in
on Tuesday night at 7:00 evenings of
course were always booked we closed at
10:00 but so you only have like a 6:30
to 8 or 8 to 9:30 or you know you kind
of back it out usually an hour and a
half for a facial so really there were
only two evening slots unless you left
work early and then there were three
evening slots 10 rooms that means you
got 30 people in in the evening other
people they want to come in they got to
like make an excuse to their boss and
come during their day right or take a
day off work come for their facial which
people actually did but people would
book their spot every month for 2 years
right so that they wouldn't miss it and
if they had to change they would call
and say could you swap me with somebody
else because I don't want to miss it or
they would have a friend book a
different slot and then they would swap
with their friend so we had a waiting
list of people who just wanted to come
in and we were booked every day all day
for like probably a year in advance for
those those T treatment rooms um but we
would keep a waiting list and if we
didn't get people in now this is the day
no email right okay there was not Emil
was email I thought you got no emails
one day I was like no there were no
emails yeah so you had the phone and you
had your computer booking system sure
but you couldn't just mass email
everybody so we would literally keep a
list of people who were waiting for
appointments and at the end of each day
if we didn't get them in on a
cancellation we call every single one
and apologize
and then tell so at 7:00 somebody would
start the story calls we call them the
story calls and you would just call
whose idea was that me so M my you have
clearly very very high standards yes for
for detail yeah how do you police that
amongst people that might not have the
same high standards well they're not my
people so you'd fire them well they
would probably be better elsewhere where
their standards were more aligned with
the business that they were working for
I mean bureaucratic like well I mean you
you hire people and then you see if they
can operate in your I mean look if
you're the Olympic hockey team and
you've got a goalie Who's terrible they
can't stay or you're not going to win
are you so it's not about firing it's
like is this a team member who belongs
on this team yeah fire I guess you would
say yes you would fire them you would
try how uncompromising were you about
the standards very
uncompromising I mean we also wrote
thank you notes right so every person
who came in for a treatment whether it
was an eyebrow wax or a manicure or a
facial or a massage the person who did
that treatment had to write a thank you
note and it got posted out that night if
you weren't uncompromising about those
standards those little thank you notes
that apologies you know for the waiting
list well then they knew we were still
thinking about them right so they
thought I have a chance they haven't
forgotten about me and we were grateful
that they were waiting to come in and
pay us money I mean they've giving you a
paycheck aren't they do you think you'd
be sat here now if you hadn't been
uncompromising with the standards in
Bliss all those years ago in 1996 thank
you know the answer to that question
question of course I wouldn't cuz it you
know it follows yeah compounds you just
know what good looks like and then you
know what people respond to and that
people want to be treated you know with
respect and you know with gratitude
right you're a customer you're handing
over your hard earned money to somebody
they better be grateful and that also
keeps you going every day right just
there's so much science about gratitude
and how just starting your day with
thinking wow I'm so lucky right I'm
thinking about those things that you're
lucky to have I think I've always
operated businesses with that idea of I
am grateful that people come to me to
buy something or they trust me with
their face right or they'll get up at 7
o'clock in the morning and pay me $40 to
teach them in aerobics class in their
living room I mean they could be they
could be sponsoring so many other people
but they're sponsoring me and isn't that
so generous of them if I were to ask you
on that um if I were to ask you and this
is tough to do in hindsight but I think
we're all capable of doing it in that
period of your life and that those early
moments and really throughout your
career what is it about you that made
you successful I mean I've picked up on
one which is really high standards the
other one I've picked up on I picked up
on the minute you walk through the door
which is you're just a very pleasant
human being and I'm like all of these
things if you if they compound over like
30 years you're going to get to a really
good place but is there anything else
within you know some people are
Visionaries they are you know whatever
is there anything else where you say do
you know what that's probably a trait of
me that made me successful yeah I I
connect the dots okay in new ways so
that if that were to be kind of my thing
yeah it's about um have you read the
book it's called Originals by Adam Grant
yes I'm there yeah yeah so someone gave
it to me actually the art teacher and my
son school gave it to me and said this
sounds like you and I read it and I was
like oh you know don't you think you're
special yeah yeah and then and then you
read a book and you're like nope I'm not
special because everybody he's he's got
it down like every chapter was like oh
yeah this is me oh yes this is me this
is me and um he talks about in the book
about how uh you become an expert in
your area right so you you are very deep
in expertise in one particular area but
then you're very curious about all this
other stuff which is me I scan
everything right whether or not I'm
really interested in it I got
newsletters coming out of my eyeballs
and I just kind of scan I'll click on
things and sometimes I'll just force
myself to read something that I have no
interest in at all just because there
might be something in there um and and I
think from doing that I find new ideas
that's what creativity is isn't it yes I
think but you have to feed it like top
of funnel mid funnel bottom of funnel
right and so if you don't have enough
top of funnel you dry up at the bottom
where you know there's nothing that
comes through and then being able to
kind of edit a good idea from a mediocre
idea
right yeah I guess if you come up with a
lot so the more you feed the funnel then
the more stuff you have to look at and
then being able to know which one is the
one that is actually going to resonate
with enough people that it's actually a
business because a lot of people I think
can be quite Naval gazing in I have this
idea and people will care yeah so I can
also be quite brutal with my own ideas
and just go who cares like you think
about it for a couple of months and then
you have to be able to not fall in love
with your own idea is kind of like with
writing so writers will say a really
great writer is like you can't fall in
love with your own words you need to be
able to go into your writing and just
chop it out right just so it's succinct
and you like you can't love what you did
you have to hate what you did and cut it
all down so that just the crispy parts
are there and I think it's the same with
ideas you can spend a lot of time on
stuff that nobody cares about and so you
have to be able to
edit so interesting I completely agree
and I think about the the successes I've
had in my life and it was just a process
of like multiple sources for multiple
disciplines pull one little dot as
you've said from those different
disciplines and then when they come
together so it could be like
cryptocurrencies music and my knowledge
of social media and then you come
together and you go oh together it makes
something new and interesting and
valuable as a these three different
points of inspiration um I was going to
ask you the question when we're talking
about that I was like can you teach
someone in your experience to be better
at thinking of good good ideas oh I
think you can provide the uh environment
okay right but not everyone's going to
be able to do that so there is going to
be a cohort of people who just don't
think of new ideas and they're probably
really good at other things and that's
okay because the world needs all of them
right um it's like Switzerland like they
you know some people are plumbers but
they still make 100 Grand a year and
everybody's happy so if we put people in
the right seats on the bus there's such
a position and that of course is
management isn't it it's trying to find
when someone has talent but not in a
particular area you make sure they're
doing the right thing um but I think you
can you see this a lot in business
school not that I've been there but I've
sat on a lot of panels with people who
are who are entrepreneurs right and
they're entrepreneurs because they have
done a business plan or they've done a
business model they've modeled out what
if what you know we can do this this
they haven't come up with oh wait just
like you said if I can this and this and
do it this way or right then I can make
this happen they've they've said well
I've gone to Harvard and now I'm going
to model out this business plan and I
think if we do this that that we can
make oh look is a profit yeah and so
there's two ways to come by it and I
guess both are valid and especially
these days um
the there's so much money in the
universe that people will invest in so
many things that you could actually get
to a a good result
by just putting a business plan down
yeah having tons of money and having
gone to Harvard which is much easier to
get money yes and being Silicon Valley
and being a white male all that kind of
stuff yeah um so it works yeah yeah is
it full of passion yeah I don't know
maybe if you're passionate about making
money that's a passion it's not my way
to do it CU I just have to be passionate
about whatever it is I'm making or
selling or you know whatever I think I'm
improving
if it's improving people's existence
then I'm passionate about it and there
was like so amazing to be at Bliss and
have people coming in and walk out the
door after their treatment feeling like
so happy and you could see it right and
they just had such a great time and you
thought well I'm responsible for that
and what a great thing to do all day and
then the same with Pewdiepie right is
wow people open up these boxes that they
get delivered and it is like it's like a
fairy tale and it didn't cost them much
so they can treat themselves cuz
everybody needs a little lift once in a
while and to be able to get this
incredibly Deluxe stuff for such a an
affordable price you know every time one
of those boxes opens up that somebody is
just feeling thrilled and that is a
reason to like show up in the morning
right yeah yeah yeah one of them sounds
like a really sustainable fulfilling
intrinsically driven Journey and the
other one sounds a bit like yeah like
you know the pursuit of trying to get
rich which is is harder to sustain quite
honestly because on the hard days on the
hard I was going to say you know it gets
excruciatingly difficult yeah so one day
there's going to be many days that it it
you'd probably quit if you weren't just
truly just living foress yeah regardless
of remuneration but speaking of money
you sell Bliss at some point yeah so in
1999 we had quite a few um interested
buyers is that three years after y
that's quick we were great yeah I can
tell three selling the company 3 years
later at you know yeah at my at the age
I was was quite hilarious I would have
been 30 super young yeah 30 when we sold
it uh so I sold 70% to lvmh that's nuts
it was nuts you know we had a few
different large cosmetic conglomerates
kind of circling around yeah um one came
in and gave me a big presentation and
they had champagne ready and we're
talking about how they'd put me in a
studio by myself and I could just be
creative you know this you're talking to
a girl who does facials and waxes
people's legs do I want to go to a
studio by myself I mean my favorite
thing was knowing I'd look at my list of
who was coming in that day and it was
like oh I get to see this person this
person this that the joy was all the
people right so they oh we're going to
give you a loft and right and then we
had another one who came in and said we
want to turn your spa into a spa under
this brand name which I thought why why
would you buy it if you yeah um and then
there was
who flew me to Paris on the Concord no
he didn't yes he did and took me out for
lunch it was it was quite fabulous
though I have to admit it was wow and it
it was hilarious when I got back to
Brooklyn when I flew back from Paris on
the Concord and it was the middle of the
West Indian Day Parade in Brooklyn so
I'm in a taxi from the airport going
back to the spa although it was a
holiday day and I was going we had
redone the floors and I was going just
to make sure that uh everything was dry
and move the furniture back into the
place so I'm I'm on the subway cuz I
couldn't get a taxi to take me all the
way in because the West Indian Day
Parade was blocking Flatbush Avenue and
I was on the subway going towards my
prin Street stop and there was coke
spilled all over it not Coke but you
know like cocaa yeah Coca-Cola spilled
all over the seats and drunk people
everywhere and I'm standing there going
I wonder if I'm the only person on this
Subway who was on the Conqueror this
morning this morning I thought yeah
probably probably all the other people
are in their car
services it was pretty funny so anyway
they were the most interesting they
loved the business we were kind of hot
at the time they were looking for
American Acquisitions I think they had
moved Sephora also into America at the
time so they thought it would be kind of
a good partnership and and you know the
price was right and I thought well I've
been starving for since I moved to New
York right every month it was kind of
like do I have enough money to pay the
rent BL me yeah and I just thought well
is this going to Happ happen again you
don't know you don't know if you'll ever
be offered like a a big chunk of change
like that so and you 100% own the
company at this point yeah yeah so and
you hav raise money outside Capital they
bought 70% of the business for T tens of
millions we'll just say right yes
unbelievable yeah I know I mean you
could have just stopped there right you
could have just stopped there and oh my
God I was 30 what what are you going to
do I know I'm I'm a hypocrite cuz I yeah
yeah you're not going to just stop there
while you're going to go like stand at
your fridge all day but I mean most
people will just land that one big bag
in their life if they're lucky if
they're extremely lucky and in the
minority but then you went again and you
created a business called soap Glory
which lot of people know in this country
yeah it was big so Glory was big really
big at the time you know it was um if I
was I was reading a lot of newspapers
and there was a lot of collaborating
going on between kind of designer Brands
and you know High Street and I thought
wouldn't it be fun just to kind of make
a a really great brand um that has we
couldn't do at drugstore prices you
can't really do high quality like super
high quality product and sell it at a at
a drugstore price when you're going
through the retail food chain because
there's all the markups right so you you
had to try and make really
like I'd say I won't say high quality
but good quality products for a price
point and make them really fun and I
just thought you know what let me try
doing something that's using all the
puns I'm a bit of a writer so I love to
write copy and so it was all about
making the products kind of fun and you
know good quality for just the right
price to kind of you know be mass and I
launched in Harvey Nichols and it was
actually quite a good success but Harvey
Nichols only has nightsbridge and then a
few other stores around the country and
I knew I wasn't going to be able to make
much of a splash just being in Harvey
nickels on a few shelves um so boots
came to us and said you know would you
like to roll out into different boot
stores that was really interesting
because I thought this is going to be
amazing oh my God we're going to go into
boots we're gon to make like
millions and I remember I think we were
in 300 boot stores and you just for some
reason you just think okay if it's in
Boots right every brand you see in Boots
you think oh they're making a fortune
yeah um and I remember we launched and I
think that the first week I think we did
$300 o yeah and then I couldn't figure
out why so I go into my local boots and
it's on the bottom shelf uh
and so that was they don't reset the
shelves for 10 months so you start just
thinking oh my God I'm going to be
making $300 a week for 10 months until
they reset the shelves and I fight my
way to the top I need to get back into
just the Gap there in that period though
when You' you've left Bliss and you're
you're not doing anything now you have a
lot of money so you don't really need to
worry about the Bills or the rent
anymore anything like that I I just I'm
just intrigued because I've I took a
month off okay one month yeah
it wasn't enough that's not a long time
it wasn't enough it wasn't enough I took
six months between my last sale and
figuring out what to do next six months
was better one month one month so in
that one month what are you doing you're
doing I went on holiday to the south of
France okay so you go on holiday to
France then you come back and and you're
just straight into it yeah yeah just you
know ideas I mean I always have ideas so
I'll be walking down the street I'll get
an idea so you kind of jot them down and
then the ones that keep bubbling up to
the surface those are the good ones I
love I love this I read about I read I
read about you talking about this
because I it rang so true to me because
we all people like you and um creative
people generally will get yeah I don't
want to bring myself into I'm trying to
be humble here um people will get lots
of ideas a lots of the time and the
process in which you decide which one to
go is and which on should just be
disregarded um I find fascinating and
I've only been able to understand it um
in hindsight why I pick certain ideas
and why I just let other ones go but how
do you filter out the ones that are
worth pissing and the ones aren't okay
so there's something I call the so what
test okay so you ask yourself so what
tell yourself your idea and then ask
well so what and if you cannot explain
why you would want to do that or why
anybody should care in one sentence it's
not a good enough idea nice yeah but you
also let them sit for a while right yeah
because there's so many you have to the
ones that are just sort of average they
just they go away right and the good
ones kind of stay at the top and you
think I've got to do that I've got to do
that that's really good I would buy that
of course here's the other cheat right I
only sell stuff that I would buy so I
can't you know it would be difficult for
me if I'm trying to create a business
centered around something that I don't
want or have a need for I don't know if
I would be as good at it uh super easy
to do beauty pie because I love beauty
products I love candles I love
supplements I know all the good Labs
I've worked with them for 30 years I
know where to get the good stuff I'm
gonna buy it anyway I would like to buy
the high quality stuff I don't want to
have to pay retail okay so obvious that
one right with fit flop it was I could
not find a pair of shoes that actually
felt comfortable on my feet and I love
you know I love uh fashion I can't
believe how many businesses you started
and how many of them have done so well
it's not that many it is a lot one more
I have one more but it's not I can't
tell you I'll kill you it's not can't
super duper yeah that also oh you forgot
about that one yeah but but actually
that one is taking a he us because our
supplier shut down during Co and so it
was yeah well it's still around except
our supplier shut down and so we have to
reformulate everything so soap and glory
is a business that even I know and I'm
not you know yeah you're not a Cosmetics
guy well you know well because at
Christmas at boot
oh maybe you'll be you can be a beauty
pie beauty guy but no I KN I know the
brand it's a very very well-known brand
so because we used to take over that
week before Christmas at Boots we would
literally have hundreds of thousands of
those big pink bags that people would be
able to buy for a really crazy deal that
was also I guess a learning just seeing
like how much people love a
deal um and every it was almost every
year that we would be this sort of
Christmas bumper
bag I would see women leaving boots with
like three on each arm because they were
buying them for all of their friends
when you think of that business why was
it successful and um what was your
what's your sort of emotional meor
recollection and memory of that phase of
your life um gosh that's a another deep
question all of these are deep questions
yeah okay so well emotional recollection
I mean it was great to be able to build
something new it was great to be able to
build something that was popular in a
different country right so you didn't Do
It in America you also could do it in
the UK like Ronaldo
yeah maybe I'm not so good with the ball
but um it was exciting to do something
Mass like at Mass Price points because
you could reach more people so more
people could afford the joy that you
were trying to bring through that
product uh so that's always really nice
because having something that's only
affordable well I love high quality
things the
exclusion uh of people that comes along
with a luxury price point I don't like
so much right so the idea of luxury for
affordable of course is is the also the
Holy Grail um so building it was you
know building s and Glory was also a
real experience in terms of learning how
to deal with a a retailer who really had
a monopolistic grip on a country right
cuz boots was the power you know the all
powerful and so that was a real learning
curve how big did serent Glory get I
think we sold we were selling probably
hundred plus million dollars wor the
stuff a year through
boots [__] that's a lot of money it was
not bad it was it was biggish bad it was
big big yeah it was big I mean it could
could be it could have been bigger could
have been bigger could have been bigger
it was great for me I don't you know
what's the difference between like 50
100 100
week yeah you just it's like a after you
can pay your rent and eat and buy as
many t-shirts as you need you know your
life doesn't change that much right but
you want to you want to bring out more
and see how much you can do and see if
you can offer even yeah better stuff so
you sold that business I guess boots
yeah in uh
2014 2014 not so long ago it really
wasn't no seven years yeah yeah they
really wanted it and how did you feel
when you when you you know they made the
offer you accept the offer did it feel
again like the was it was there a loss
of orientation in your life no because
oh here we go yeah well at the same time
I have fit flop right okay my Footwear
brand is also big is yeah about we going
to biggish again uh you know 65
countries we sell a lot of shoes could
be bigger it could be and it's going to
be bigger um and yeah and so I sort of
had one thing to still grip on to and to
really focus on and to make sure that
that quality and and about what kind of
product we're going to produce for the
next season it's all kind of the same as
product development and then rolling it
out and trying to learn you know given
that feedback loop that you get from
from the product that you're launching
remarkable um your your partner is also
an entrepreneur yes yeah he does now
Costa Rican um Echo
tourism how how is that working with uh
not working with how is it to to have a
a partner that's also in in the field of
Entrepreneurship because you know what
it is I'm going to ask you a question
here because I'm super curious maybe you
can help me I've always wondered if as
an entrepreneur it would make more sense
to be with an entrepreneur or someone
that just does nothing sits at home just
you know yeah nice and simple being
there yeah yeah exactly uh well it
depends I suppose on your appetite for
risk and if you have risk anymore right
so if you've already um manage to um you
know sell something and you have a
little bit of money in the bank than
having two people going out there and
risking it all is okay because you have
something to fall back on I think
certainly having a partner who
understands what you're going through
dayto day and will listen to you you
know we talked about being able to see
someone uh it's so important to have
someone who sees you and who can
understand what it might be like for you
on a day that's really hard and offer
you that kind of support um my husband
is great with that like he I couldn't
ask for somebody who supports me more
and he does the stuff that I you know
necessarily don't want to do in terms of
that family stuff and we pick up the the
uh different um programs I suppose
really beautifully together because
he'll take care of some stuff and I take
care of other stuff and and when you
come home are you good at sort of
compartmentalizing the work stuff and
then like switching off and being
present with family maybe not always I
appreciate the honesty I'm not going to
tell anybody I don't know if you can be
right because sometimes work is really
interesting also right so I've got two
teenage boys and they sometimes come out
of their rooms sometimes not and so
sometimes I'll be on social media
chatting with customers right giving
them advice telling them what to use on
their skin it's actually it's quite
social as it is social media uh I go
home at night because I'm hoping they
will come out of their rooms and I can
spend time with them but we we have
dinner and then they usually go want to
you know play video games because all
their friends are on video games so if
they do come out of their room you know
at some point I might be in the middle
of something am I really good at just
turning that off and saying I am here
for you young man not
always sometimes but sometimes what I'm
doing is actually more interesting than
talking about the basketball game that
you know the NBA blah blah blah or
whatever it is and I'm maybe not the
best at switching attention gears but
I'm trying and I'm mindful love it yeah
yeah do is it something that you you
think you want to be better at yes
absolutely yes more of that in the
moment right really trying to live just
that moment there's a great podcast have
you ever listened to making sense with
Sam Harris yes once or twice I'm a big
Sam Harris fan me too yeah so it's you
know it is about okay you're here right
now and live it and and if you could
live every moment over again because you
only get one shot he you know how he has
those little daily there like a little
daily thing that pops up and you can
listen to and I he was talking once
about how you have one opportunity to
live this moment and you have one
opportunity to have an interaction with
someone that is this interaction like
make it good right and just thinking
well I can
either you know look at this as an
opportunity and and a gift or I can be
down and negative about it and you just
choose so I try as much as possible to
to choose even if I have you know cranky
teenagers or whatever work thing going
on to choose to really be positive about
the fact that I'm given the opportunity
to live that moment do you ever worry
that um you'll regret being so busy and
missing certain things always don't you
yeah I do yeah of course yeah especially
with the kids M with my parents a lot I
think God my parents are getting old and
I think I was I'm I'm going at some
point I'm going to keep it facts my
parents going to die and I'm going to
think to myself I wish I would have
spent more time with them yeah the
deathbed test I literally wrote down the
deathbed test in my notes Here I want to
ask you about that tell me about the
deathbed test oh the deathbed test is
like what are you going to on your
deathbed think back and go God I wish I
would have done more of that or I wish I
would have tried this or I wish I tried
that and so if you live this actually
was something that I think her name was
Tina Johnson she was the CEO of sax
Fifth Avenue I remember having a meeting
with her and she said you know what I
just always use the deathbed test it's
like I don't want to miss my kids you
know this particular event or ceremony
right you will kick yourself if you miss
the grade five graduation that that is
always going to be more important than
your conversion rate yeah I wrote an
article actually called deathbed
thinking which is quite strange when I
when I saw that you you had this thing
called the death bed test and it was
inspired by Bron Brony we who was the
palis of n in Australia who interview
people as they're about to die yeah and
what they wish they would have yeah done
with their lives have you seen also on
social media going around I think I've
seen it on Instagram but you see um some
elderly people and they're taking
pictures of them with yeah what is your
advice right and it's always very simple
be nice to everybody obvious stuff yeah
yeah but you just think well yeah cuz
you got to live with yourself and and
it's the deathbed test looking back on
it but actually your deathbed test Sam
Harris would say is probably taking
place every moment of your waking
existence right I wish I would have been
more polite I wish because if you're not
you you have to then live with how you
feel about yourself and that is more
important than anything so there's
there's a mini a micro deathbed test
taking place every moment I would argue
quick one as a serial entrepreneur
that's currently building multiple
projects across multiple Industries
everything from the marketing industry
to blockchain to consumer goods
everything one of the things that has
been a lifesaver for me and again a
company that I reached out to to
evangelize about on this podcast because
I'm a loyal customer and they ultimately
ended up sponsoring this podcast is
fiverr.com f i v err what that site
allows me to do is extend my capacity
across all of my projects if I'm looking
for a graphic designer someone to edit a
video someone to do a a website for me
it allows me to extend my capacity
without hiring people and the quality of
Freelancers on Fiverr has been amazing
and when the the trust and the service
you get is that phenomenal and the
services offer offered are that diverse
it's a Nob brainer whether you have one
member of staff you're a freelancer
yourself or a thousand members of Staff
Fiverr can be a game changer for you and
I'd love you guys to check it out use
the link below go to fiverr.com
CEO and send me a screenshot if you end
up using the service I was looking at a
a couple of things that you'd said one
of them was about your motto for life
which is about choosing yourself and not
waiting for anybody to choose you yeah
what does that mean well you know you
can wait around for someone to tell you
that you're the one who can do it or
it's your turn or you can just do it
yourself right you're the one who is
going to tell you that you can do
something no one is going to pick you
out of a line and say hey go you have to
put yourself out there so I remember I
have this fantastic friend his name is
Emelio Sosa and he actually worked when
he was a budding fashion designer and in
New York a long time ago and he worked
at the front desk at Bliss for a while
and it was just his you know like actors
would work at a restaurant he was like
the cool guy at the front desk at BL and
um and he designed a few ranges and you
know they weren't always commercially
successful but he was just the coolest
person around and I remember um I lost
touch with him for a little while you
know few years because he stopped
working at the spa and when I found him
again somehow because again this preil
right I found him and he came over for
dinner and he I said so what are you up
to and he said oh I'm designing costumes
for winter marceles and I've been on
tour with Selen de and blah blah blah
blah blah right and I said amilio like
what happened and he said you know what
I woke up one day and I just thought I
am worthy and that was it right like
what that was a moment it moved for him
he just had to decide that he was
talented and worthy of all of this
success and then he had it and I think
it's the same for so many people that
they just aren't convinced
now you might just be born convinced I
see some people who are born convinced
right and they don't necessarily have
the experience or the Merit to back it
up and then there's some people who have
just worked for it and after you do that
much work and you are you know your
expertise is at a level where you
actually are convinced because you got
evidence you've got evidence and then
there's when you're on the cusp right
where you just have to decide so that
you can get more U practice to become
that one but at some point you know
you're on that fence you got to decide
and then you take yourself there so it's
really remarkable because when you were
describing your different business
ventures there was a moment when you
described your clients moving to The
Hamptons for the summer and like
business drops off a little bit and you
you said so casually so I decided to go
and do a beauty course to find out how I
like that moment I think is probably the
most pivotal difficult special moment
because you made a a a decision
in a New Direction yes that is like it
sounds so simple the way you just like
gloss past it I was thinking that's
pretty profound very few everyone gets
stuck in what they do yeah it seems and
the certainty of this the comfortable
certainty of that wherever they are to
make just make the decision one day that
I'm going to go do a beauty course to
find out why acne skin is the way it is
and see if I can do something about it
is is the for me the pivotal unique
thing yeah that's actually you know good
observation yeah I was going to stop you
on it but you glided I never thought of
it that way but you're right it's like
almost how dare you I'm like how people
don't do that they don't just 20 right
they don't they don't well listen from
what I've read listened heard Etc that
the new skill that everyone's going to
have to have is not to be identified by
what you were doing for the last 10
years because there's so many there are
so many jobs right so many careers that
will just be gone and so we have to
train the next genen who's coming up to
not think well I'm this labels yeah you
have to be ready to say well that
doesn't exist anymore I'm going to Pivot
or I have to go get retrained and not to
have your
identity completely wrapped up in what
you do right it's more about your
ability to morph and learn and so being
this lifelong learner is so important
when you think about yourself going
forward now you know you've got you're
working on multiple businesses at the
moment beauty pie being your main event
I believe yeah um what is it what is it
you're playing for now because you know
you've got the money you've got the
reputation you've got wonderful family
what are you playing for
now well happiness and stimulation right
and how did you get that it's a it's the
community I have a small family so we're
four and then I don't have I have two
sisters and my mom and then extended you
know cousins who I don't really connect
with that much cuz they're in western
Canada um and so for me being able to
have this community of people who okay
yes they happen a shop from me but
they're quite fun and most of our
customers are of the same spirit it's
like having hundreds of thousands of
friends and so they're out there
chatting about the latest thing it's
just it's like a social club a little
bit and we happen to all buy beauty
products and be really excited when the
next thing is launching
so I read a quote once it said like for
people who have multiple marriages it's
like the first time you marry for love
the second time is for money and the
third time is for companionship and so
I'm probably on companionship but I want
to do it really well because it is you
know it's a lot of fun to be able to
provide this to so many people and that
love that you get back from it if you're
doing it well is you know quite a nice
uh quite a nice feeling to to have every
day so is this your Forever
business
um that's a really great question I
don't think I never think of things in
you know forever a really big check over
there in the
draw it would have to be really big
billion dollars not big
enough [__] okay okay I mean listen it's
just fun right it's fun to create it's
fun to create so I don't really think
about it as what's the end of this right
if I if I find okay actually I've
created all the stuff I know how to
create and now I can I don't know I'm
just chatting with the people but you
know how businesses go through different
stages where different skill sets are
needed I'm not your typical like great
operating person I need to find that
person I'm not a Performance Marketing
person I need to find that person and at
some stage you don't need as much of
what I do you need more of what they do
and so it depends like how much do do
they need me um but I I think just
keeping that quality very high is is
always something that you need a
particular personality to be leading so
I think that's where it would be hard to
replace what I do I think what you've
achieved is I mean it speaks for itself
it's quite um hard to believe in fact
that in one lifetime someone could have
so many back-to-back successes um I've
had a few flops well yeah I know and I
heard you talk about that I heard you
say you know the key to success was
failure but I've not heard you talk
about any failures yet right because I I
think I um I I compartmentalize them I
learn from them and then I move past
them there's no point in wall away
um but I do think it's really important
and it's funny a lot of people will come
to me and ask for mentorship and I'll do
my best in the time that I've got
available but uh what I really think has
been my own Mentor has been failure and
and looking at the feedback that you get
from that failure and kind of
internalizing it and it becoming part of
your DNA and I really believe that if
you don't fail yourself someone telling
you that you might fail is not the same
as failing feeling yeah that you know
you just have to fail once really hard
and you're not going to make that
mistake again did you fail once really
hard um I don't know how hard is hard
you know my my it's sort of like my
appetite for risk people say well that's
so risky I'm like what so can you think
of something when you when you're
talking about failure that you think
really hard yeah I mean yeah I mean sure
we did at soap and Glory we did a men's
range it didn't really sell okay test
Yeah well yeah whatever you know was the
price wrong was the packaging the wrong
color
it just didn't fly did men really not
use that many Cosmetics that they're
going to did they just use their their
partner's stuff who knows but it was an
AB test it didn't knock the wind out
your sales no rarely do does the wind
get knocked out of my sales because
again when you're I think when you're
young and you have a profound loss you
take everything with relativity right
it's like okay so what so you know
people didn't buy soap and Glory men's
products but it does it really matter on
my deathbed will I even remember that I
did that probably not so you can put it
into perspective which is so think that
do you think your father's passing has
helped you put all of the decisions
later in your life into perspective and
prioritize them differently oh yeah
absolutely yes I think uh any kind of uh
you know grief or really emotional
situation that you go through you become
a different person and you can relate to
other people who have the same situation
or have you know uh a difficult home
situation in a a very quick way because
they see the world in a similar way that
you do that small things don't really
matter and so while we're all doing a
lot of small things to kind of push the
world along every day that they're not
really that important in the end people
watching this you know there'll be a lot
of people that um are in a of you and
they'll think you're incredibly awesome
right rightfully so and that can be
somewhat alienating right because they
can see that what you've achieved in
your life and because of your
awesomeness they'll think you know I
can't she's just too far away from me
I'm never going to be able to get get to
where she is um so what advice would you
give to those people that are that want
to you know achieve great things in
their career in terms of where they
should start where they should where
their Journey should naturally begin um
in order to um achieve great things and
become successful subjectively whatever
that means to them oh that's a great
question I think uh listen I was started
very Hands-On right I literally gave
facials nine times a day waxed people's
legs and it's the feedback loop and and
being open to learning so I'm a real
believer of Hands-On training I'm not of
course I never had a business school
training so I don't know I can't compare
and contrast but I know that the
confidence that comes with learning and
perfecting a skill and being able to do
it yourself so that if for instance some
member of your team up up and leaves you
can take over that and do that um
there's a a real confidence in it and
that confidence kind of allows you to
grow and um and to put more things
underneath you and to
feel I think more generous with your
spirit so just rolling your sleeves up
and learning skills as many as you can
and looking without defensiveness at the
feedback that you're getting from
whatever it is that you're doing and
then always asking yourself how can I
improve this how can I make this even
better is this the kind of feedback that
I'm trying to get it's a giant AB test
right so life is kind of an AV test and
if you look at what works and keep doing
more of that and less of the other right
it's about making like more good
decisions than bad and um and being
honest with yourself and yeah comes down
to something very basic you you treat
your customers like you would want to be
treated and I don't know if that
always floats to the top yeah um for for
people in business and and for large
corporations it is always being about
obsessed with whatever that product is
that you're trying to deliver and making
sure that you yourself would buy it for
the price that you're selling it and
feel
thrilled and whatever you're doing right
you can do it well if you keep those
kinds of things in
mind amen well listen thank you so much
for your time and I've taken so much of
it but it's been so inspiring so
unbelievably inspiring and I'm so um I
understand the audience that listen to
this podcast and and what you've um
shared today is just going to be of just
tremendous tremendous value so thank you
so much um you super inspire me I feel
like I need to go for a run or something
or like I don't know like go find
something to improve on but uh um yeah
just incredibly incredibly inspiring and
you are such a wonderful delightful
bright light so um thank you and it's
been a super big pleasure to sit here
with you today thank you this is like
the Feelgood
Society customer experience I've learned
I'm trying to make my customer yeah this
is very good I applaud you well done
thank you so much thanks for having me
thanks
oh
[Music]